doc: enabling settings pool on vttablet (#1145)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/15.0/reference/features/connection-pools.md

## Other relevant pool-related variables

### vttablet user limit
Flag: `--transaction_limit_per_user` 

 * (default 0.4)
 * This flag determines the fraction of connections in the **transaction_pool** and **found_rows_pool** that can be used by a single user. 
 The username is passed to vttablet from vtgate.  
 If you are using a limited set of users, you may want to increase this limit.  
 Or disable this limit feature by setting `--transaction_limit_by_username` to `false` as the default is `true`.
 This option only comes into play if the TX limiter is enabled by `--enable_transaction_limit`, which it is not by default.

### vtgate system settings
Flag: `--enable_system_settings`

> This vtgate flag enables the user to modify a [subset of system settings](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/sysvars/sysvars.go#L166-L211) on the MySQL. This is done using the mechanism of [reserved connection](../../query-serving/reserved-conn/#enabling-reserved-connections).

Reviewer: Shouldn't we mention that reserved connections won't be used if the lower flag is specified

Author: This is already written

```
### vttablet settings pool
Flag: `--queryserver-enable-settings-pool`

This vttablet flag enables pooling of connections with modified settings.
This overcomes the issue described in [vtgate system settings](#vtgate-system-settings).
Both of these should be enabled to keep the feature of modifying system settings without foregoing the benefits of connection pooling.
```

> This vtgate flag enables the user to modify a [subset of system settings](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/sysvars/sysvars.go#L166-L211) on the MySQL. This is done using the mechanism of [reserved connection](../../query-serving/reserved-conn/#enabling-reserved-connections).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This vtgate flag allows clients to modify a [subset of system settings](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/sysvars/sysvars.go#L166-L211) on the MySQL. This is done using the mechanism of [reserved connection](../../query-serving/reserved-conn/#enabling-reserved-connections).
```

> Once a reserved connection is created, it lives for the life of the vtgate session. These connections lives outside of the connection pool and as a result, the number of MySQL server connections used by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a reserved connection is created, it lives for the life of the vtgate client session. These connections live outside of the regular connection pool and as a result, the number of MySQL server connections used by
```

> vttablet may become significantly higher than expected connection based on the pool settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
vttablet may become significantly higher than what you might expect based on the pool settings.
```

### vttablet settings pool
Flag: `--queryserver-enable-settings-pool`

This vttablet flag enables pooling of connections with modified settings.

> This overcomes the issue described in [vtgate system settings](#vtgate-system-settings).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This overcomes the issue described with the number of MySQL connections in [vtgate system settings](#vtgate-system-settings).
```

> Both of these should be enabled to keep the feature of modifying system settings without foregoing the benefits of connection pooling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both these flags should be enabled for clients to be able to modify system settings without foregoing the benefits of connection pooling.
```
